```plantuml
@startuml
left to right direction

title Use Case Diagram for AI-Powered Analysis & Insights System

:Client: as Client
:System Admin: as SysAdmin
:Financial Advisor: as FAFD

rectangle "System" {
  usecase "CFR001: View Financial Insights Dashboard" as CFR001
  usecase "SAFR001: Manage Analysis Parameters" as SAFR001
  
  Client --> (SFR012) : Generate client dashboards that present financial information in an intuitive and actionable format.
  SysAdmin --> (SAFR001)
}

rectangle "Financial Advisor Functions" {
  usecase "FAFR001: Manage client mentoring sessions based on system-generated insights" as FAFR001
  usecase "FAFR002: View client intervention alerts when the system detects patterns requiring professional attention to proactively assist clients with potential financial issues." as FAFR002
  
  Financial Advisor --> (SFR015) : Generate predictive intervention analyses from the AI component.
}

rectangle "Client Functions" {
  usecase "CFR002: Receive alerts about anomalous transactions in my accounts to quickly identify potential fraud or unusual spending patterns according to regulations set by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF)." as CFR002
  usecase "CFR003: View financial predictions based on my historical data and current market trends to make more informed financial decisions and plan for future expenses." as CFR003
  usecase "CFR004: Receive personalized recommendations aligned with my financial profile and goals to optimize my financial strategies and investment portfolio." as CFR004
  
  Client --> (SFR016) : Generate client predictive insights that provide forward-looking analysis of financial situations to support more effective financial planning.
}

rectangle "Client Preferences Management" {
  usecase "CFR005: Manage my personalized recommendations preferences to ensure the system provides insights relevant to my financial objectives and risk tolerance as defined in my KYC (Know Your Customer) profile." as CFR005
  
  Client --> (SFR018) : Manage users' financial goals to track progress and provide relevant recommendations.
}

rectangle "Spending Limits" {
  usecase "CFR006: View spending limit alerts when I exceed predefined thresholds in specific expense categories to maintain better control over my budget." as CFR006
  
  Client --> (SFR015) : Generate predictive intervention analyses from the AI component.
}

rectangle "Investment Opportunities" {
  usecase "CFR007: View investment opportunities suitable to my risk profile (as defined under MiFID II or equivalent standards) to diversify my portfolio and maximize returns." as CFR007
  usecase "CFR012: Access a personalized dashboard that consolidates my financial information in a single view to efficiently monitor my finances." as CFR012
  
  Client --> (SFR016) : Generate client predictive insights that provide forward-looking analysis of financial situations to support more effective financial planning.
}

rectangle "News and Information" {
  usecase "CFR008: View news related to my investment portfolio to stay informed about market events that might affect my assets." as CFR008
  
  Client --> (SFR017) : Generate financial health reports that assess users' overall financial wellbeing according to standard financial ratios and metrics.
}

rectangle "Feedback Management" {
  usecase "CFR011: Send feedback about the system's recommendations and insights to help improve the accuracy and relevance of future outputs." as CFR011
  
  Client --> (SFR20) : Manage user feedback to continuously improve the quality and relevance of financial insights.
}

@enduml
```

[Done: True
Done Reason: stop
Eval Count: 800]