```plantuml
@startuml
left to right direction

title Use Case Diagram for AI-Powered Analysis & Insights System

package "Client" {
  actor Client as C
  
  usecase "CFR001: View Financial Insights Dashboard" as CFR001 : "View a financial insights dashboard that presents my financial data in a comprehensive format."
  usecase "CFR002: Receive Alerts for Anomalous Transactions" as CFR002 : "Receive alerts about anomalous transactions to quickly identify potential fraud or unusual spending patterns according to regulations set by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF)."
  usecase "CFR003: View Financial Predictions" as CFR003 : "View financial predictions based on my historical data and current market trends."
  usecase "CFR004: Receive Personalized Recommendations" as CFR004 : "Receive personalized recommendations aligned with my financial profile and goals to optimize my financial strategies and investment portfolio."
  usecase "CFR005: Manage Recommendation Preferences" as CFR005 : "Manage my personalized recommendation preferences to ensure the system provides insights relevant to my financial objectives and risk tolerance as defined in my KYC (Know Your Customer) profile."
  usecase "CFR006: View Spending Limit Alerts" as CFR006 : "View spending limit alerts when I exceed predefined thresholds in specific expense categories."
  usecase "CFR007: View Investment Opportunities Suitable to My Risk Profile" as CFR007 : "View investment opportunities suitable to my risk profile (as defined under MiFID II or equivalent standards) to diversify my portfolio and maximize returns."
  usecase "CFR008: View News Related to My Portfolio" as CFR008 : 'View news related to my investment portfolio to stay informed about market events that might affect my assets.'
  usecase "CFR009: Access Consolidated Financial Dashboard" as CFR009 : "Access a personalized dashboard that consolidates my financial information in a single view."
  usecase "CFR010: Manage Relationship with Financial Advisors" as CFR010 : 'Manage my relationship with Financial Advisors, including permissions for sharing my financial data, to maintain privacy and control over my financial information.'
  
  C --> CFR001
  C --> CFR002
  C --> CFR003
  C --> CFR004
  C --> CFR005
  C --> CFR006
  C --> CFR007
  C --> CFR008
  C --> CFR009
  C --> CFR010
  
  C --> CFR011 : "Send feedback about the system's recommendations and insights to help improve the accuracy and relevance of future outputs."
}

package "Financial Advisor" {
  actor FinancialAdvisor as FA
  
  usecase "FAFR001: Manage Client Mentoring Sessions" as FAFR001 : 'Manage client mentoring sessions based on system-generated insights to provide more valuable guidance aligned with each client's financial goals.'
  usecase "FAFR002: View Intervention Alerts for Clients" as FAFR002 : "View client intervention alerts when the system detects patterns requiring professional attention to proactively assist clients with potential financial issues."
  usecase "FAFR003: View Predictive Analytics About Client Situations" as FAFR003 : "View predictive analytics about my clients' financial situations to provide data-driven recommendations during consultations."
  usecase "FAFR004: Configure Analysis Parameters for Specific Client Segments" as FAFR004 : 'Configure analysis parameters for specific client segments to customize the system's behavior according to different client profiles and regulatory requirements such as GDPR or CCPA.'
  
  FA --> FAFR001
  FA --> FAFR002
  FA --> FAFR003
  FA --> FAFR004
  
  FA --> CFR011 : "Send feedback about the system's recommendations and insights to help improve the accuracy and relevance of future outputs."
}

package "System Administrator" {
  actor SystemAdmin as SA
  
  usecase "SAFR001: Manage Analysis Parameters for AI System" as SAFR001 : 'Manage analysis parameters for the AI system to ensure the algorithms remain accurate, relevant, and compliant with financial regulations such as Basel III for risk management.'
  
  SA --> SAFR001
}

package "System" {
  usecase "SFR001: Deliver Alerts Through Notification Channels" as SFR001 : 'Deliver alerts to users through appropriate notification channels to ensure timely awareness of critical financial events.'
  usecase "SFR002: Deliver Personalized Recommendations Based on Financial Profiles" as SFR002 : 'Deliver personalized recommendations to users based on their financial profiles to support better financial decision-making.'
  usecase "SFR003: Request Financial Predictions from AI Component" as SFR003 : 'Request financial predictions from the AI component to provide users with forward-looking financial insights.'
  usecase "SFR004: Request Personalized Recommendations from AI Component Based on User Data and Preferences" as SFR004 : 'Request personalized recommendations from the AI component based on each user's financial data and preferences.'
  usecase "SFR005: Request Spending Limit Alerts From AI Component When Spending Patterns Exceed Defined Thresholds" as SFR005 : 'Request spending limit alerts from the AI component when user spending patterns exceed defined thresholds.'
  usecase "SFR006: Request Investment Opportunity Analysis From AI Component To Identify Suitable Investments for Users Based on Their Risk Profiles" as SFR006 : 'Request investment opportunity analysis from the AI component to identify suitable investments for users based on their risk profiles, time horizons, and financial goals.'
  usecase "SFR007: Request Specific Investment Opportunities From AI Component That Match User Investment Criteria and ESG Preferences" as SFR007 : 'Request specific investment opportunities from the AI component that match user investment criteria and ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) preferences.'
  usecase "SFR008: Request Anomaly Transaction Alerts From AI Component To Detect Potentially Fraudulent Activities In Accordance With AML Regulations" as SFR008 : 'Request anomaly transaction alerts from the AI component to detect potentially fraudulent activities in accordance with FinCEN requirements.'
  usecase "SFR009: Find Contextualized News Relevant To Users' Financial Portfolios From Trusted Financial News Sources" as SFR009 : 'Find contextualized news relevant to users\' financial portfolios from trusted financial news sources.'
  usecase "SFR010: Process Contextualized News To Extract Relevant Information For Users' Financial Situations" as SFR010 : 'Process contextualized news to extract relevant information for users\' financial situations.'
  usecase "SFR011: Request Contextualized News Insights From AI Component To Identify Potential Impacts On Users' Investments" as SFR011 : 'Request contextualized news insights from the AI component to identify potential impacts on users\' investments.'
  usecase "SFR012: Generate Client Dashboards That Present Financial Information In An Intuitive And Actionable Format" as SFR012 : 'Generate client dashboards that present financial information in an intuitive and actionable format.'
  usecase "SFR013: Generate Client Alerts Based On Predefined Conditions To Ensure Timely Notification Of Important Financial Events" as SFR013 : 'Generate client alerts based on predefined conditions to ensure timely notification of important financial events.'
  usecase "SFR014: Generate Client Analytics That Provide Meaningful Insights Into Financial Behavior And Performance" as SFR014 : 'Generate client analytics that provide meaningful insights into financial behavior and performance.'
  usecase "SFR015: Request Predictive Intervention Analyses From AI Component To Identify When Financial Advisors Should Engage With Clients" as SFR015 : 'Request predictive intervention analyses from the AI component to identify when financial advisors should engage with clients.'
  usecase "SFR016: Request Predictive Insights From AI Component To Enhance The Value Of Financial Guidance Provided To Clients" as SFR016 : 'Request predictive insights from the AI component to enhance the value of financial guidance provided to clients.'
  usecase "SFR017: Generate Financial Health Reports That Assess Users' Overall Financial Wellbeing According To Standard Financial Ratios And Metrics" as SFR017 : 'Generate financial health reports that assess users\' overall financial wellbeing according to standard financial ratios and metrics.'
  usecase "SFR018: Manage Users' Financial Goals To Track Progress And Provide Relevant Recommendations" as SFR018 : 'Manage users\' financial goals to track progress and provide relevant recommendations.'
  usecase "SFR019: Maintain A Historical Record Of Users' Insights To Enable Trend Analysis And Effectiveness Measurement" as SFR019 : 'Maintain a historical record of users\' insights to enable trend analysis and effectiveness measurement.'
  usecase "SFR020: Manage User Feedback To Continuously Improve The Quality And Relevance Of Financial Insights" as SFR020 : 'Manage user feedback to continuously improve the quality and relevance of financial insights.'

}

package "AI System" {
  usecase "AIFR001: Generate Financial Predictions For Users By Analyzing Historical Transaction Data, Market Trends, And Economic Indicators" as AIFR001
  usecase "AIFR002: Generate Personalized Recommendations For Users Based

[Done: True
Done Reason: length
Eval Count: 2048]